Manage ALL your digital ads on One Convenient Platform

AdCamie is a SaaS product designed to help you simplify and streamline all your media buys on one convenient platform.

Simply Sign In, set your campaign parameters from our robust “menu” of supply sources, upload your creatives and budgets and you’re ready to go.It’s the quickest, easiest and most hassle-free “all-in-one” UI you’ll ever need.

View our suite of supply partnerss where you can start your campaigns with immediately with only ONE Sign In access with AdCamie

Do you already have an AdCamie Account?

Request for an account now!

WHY ADCAMIE?

PAIN IN AD PLACEMENT AND MANAGEMENT
Imagine setting up a new account every time you wish to buy an ad impression from supply sources.

How many accounts will you need? How many times must you duplicate your set ups for every campaign? Can you effectively track your performance based on fragmented data from multiple reporting platforms and varying formats? How fast can you implement changes in campaign strategies? Sounds troublesome already? Trust us, it is.

When you can’t move effectively and efficiently, neither can your campaigns.

THE SOLUTION
With just one single set up at AdCamie, you eliminate the need for multiple accounts and numerous campaign implementations instantly.

We’ll link you up with your familiar supply sources – and make available new ones too – complete with the tools you need to take quick action that will optimize your media budgeting and buying strategies.

Once buying is in effect, our consolidated reports from all selected media further enhances your delivery on KPIs by improving evaluation overviews.

From creation → execution → evaluation → modification → re-activation, it’s all done on a single platform. Simple, isn’t it?

ADCAMPUS
Within AdCampus, you have the advantage to REACH new localized Media Channels that may have otherwise fallen under your radar, and get connected to over thousands of Publishers internationally.

Our teams in various countries build localized demand-supply resources that integrate within the AdCamie network, establishing an ecosystem of advertising inventory, offers, infra-structural support and localization.

Our friendly and resourceful Camiedians have landed all around Asia and in the United States. We are always eager to share our secrets and solutions in making your advertising and marketing chores easier for you.